Add info about known log spam to FAQ (#1870)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/deploy/troubleshooting.md

### How can I increase storage size?
  
Change the value (e.g. `clickhouseOperator.storage`) and run a `helm upgrade`, which works seamlessly on AWS, GCP and DigitalOcean.

### Are the errors I'm seeing important?

> Here are some examples of log spam we know that currently exists in our app and is safe to ignore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some examples of log spam that currently exists in our app and is safe to ignore:
```

> The following messages in the ClickHouse pod happen, when clickhouse reshuffles how it consumes from the topics, so anytime clickhouse restarts or kafka restarts we'll get a bit of noise. As long as events are coming in things are good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following messages in the ClickHouse pod happen when ClickHouse reshuffles how it consumes from the topics. So, anytime ClickHouse or Kafka restarts we'll get a bit of noise and the following log entries are safe to ignore:
```

```
<Error> TCPHandler: Code: 60, e.displayText() = DB::Exception: Table posthog.sharded_events doesn't exist.
...
<Warning> StorageKafka (kafka_session_recording_events): Can't get assignment. It can be caused by some issue with consumer group (not enough partitions?). Will keep trying.
```

> This error shows up in Sentry as well. Its coming from some low-priority celery tasks and we haven't see any actual impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following error is produced by some low-priority celery tasks and we haven't seen any actual impact so can safely be ignored. It shows up in Sentry as well.
```
